document system indices api privilege (#12388)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/settings/configuration-management-settings.asciidoc

If your {es} cluster is protected with basic authentication, these settings
provide the username and password that the Logstash instance uses to
authenticate for accessing the configuration data. The username you specify here
should have the built-in `logstash_admin` role and the customized `logstash_writer` role, which provides access to system

> indices for managing configurations. Starting from Elasticsearch version 7.10,
> `logstash_admin` inherit a cluster privilege `manage_logstash_pipelines` to manage centralized pipeline management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
indices for managing configurations. Starting with Elasticsearch version 7.10.0, the
`logstash_admin` role inherits the `manage_logstash_pipelines` cluster privilege for centralized pipeline management.
```

> If a user has derived their own roles and manually granted access to the .logstash index, those roles will continue to work in 7.x but will need to be updated for 8

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a user has created their own roles and granted them access to the .logstash index, those roles will continue to work in 7.x but will need to be updated for 8.0.
```
